Add `data_arrange()` in tidyverse vignette (#234)
easystats/datawizard: vignettes/tidyverse_translation.Rmd

You can find a list of all the select helpers with `?data_select`.

## Sorting {#sorting}

`data_arrange()` is the equivalent of `dplyr::arrange()`. It takes two arguments:

> a dataframe, and a vector of column names used to sort the rows. Note that contrary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a data frame, and a vector of column names used to sort the rows. Note that contrary
```
